c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\vc141.pdb
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\vc141.idb
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\zombie.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\zombi.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\wall_nut.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\teren.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\sunflower.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\sun.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\source.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\snowpea.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\score.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\plant.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\peashooter.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\main.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\game.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\consoleoutput.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\consoleinput.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\cherrybomb.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\polevaulting_zombie.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\buckethead_zombie.obj
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\debug\p vs z.exe
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\debug\p vs z.ilk
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\debug\p vs z.pdb
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\p vs z.tlog\cl.command.1.tlog
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\p vs z.tlog\cl.read.1.tlog
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\p vs z.tlog\cl.write.1.tlog
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\p vs z.tlog\link.command.1.tlog
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\p vs z.tlog\link.read.1.tlog
c:\users\sebastian\desktop\plants vs zombie\p vs z\debug\p vs z.tlog\link.write.1.tlog
